bpo-45526: obmalloc radix use 64 addr bits (#29062)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2021-10-19-10-29-47.bpo-45526.WQnvW9.rst

> In obmalloc, set ADDRESS_BITS to POINTER_BITS, rather than to 48.  That is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In obmalloc, set ADDRESS_BITS to not ignore any bits (ignored 16 before).  That is
```
